# JobTrack

## About the Project
**What is *JobTrack*, and who is it for?**  
*JobTrack* is a Java desktop application that serves as a job application management system. It is designed for jobseekers who want to keep track of the job applications that they've submitted and gain insight into how many of their applications have progressed to further stages in the recruitment process. *JobTrack* features a tracker view, wherein users can add, delete, and see a list of their submitted job applications with various details, including date applied, company name, role, and status (e.g., submitted, interviewed, accepted, and rejected). Users can update the status of each job application and view the number and percentage of job applications under each status category. *JobTrack* also allows users to save the changes that they've made to their tracker and reaccess their data upon application relaunch.

**What inspired me to create *JobTrack?***  
I wanted to create *JobTrack* to monitor the countless job applications I've submitted in pursuit of my first internship as a Computer Science student. Previously, I had always applied for jobs without keeping track of my job applications, but I realized that being aware of my own job application statistics could help me pinpoint which job hunt strategies are most effective in increasing my chances of progressing to further stages in the recruitment process. As a result, I decided to build an application with a user-friendly interface that could not only help me in my own job search journey but also help others in theirs.